{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Problem Statement:\
 We are a human resource team working for a big company and we are about to hire a new employee in this company. So this new employee seems to be a good fit for the job and we are about to make an offer new employee.\
\
Now, it\'92s time to negotiate on the future salary of the employee. At the beginning of the negotiation this new employee is telling that he has 20 plus year of experience and earns 160k annual salary in its previous company. So, he is asking more than 160k salary.\
\
Now, HR is a kind of detective and calls his previous employer to check salary info. But unfortunately the HR is only able to get the info present in csv, which is a table of salaries for 10 different positions in the previous company. It\'92s known that employer he has been Region manager for two years now and it takes average of 4 years to jump to Partner level. So it\'92s like employee level is 6.5\
\
From technical team someone runs the analysis on the salaries and found that there is non linear relationship in the salaries. Now, HR is asking to build a bluff detector using Regression models and find out about the employee\'92s salary.\
\
With the help of reviews predict whether it\'92s a negative or positive review.}